Update instructions for bitbucket server integration (#11840)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/bitbucket/index.mdx

      </tbody>
   </table>

7. Click "Continue". This will return you to the **Configure Application Links** page, where you'll see an application called Sentry.
8. Click the pencil icon next to the Sentry application.

> 9. On the lefthand side of the resulting modal, click "Incoming Authentication". Fill out the form as follows, and click "Save":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. On the left hand side of the resulting modal, click "Incoming Authentication". Fill out the form as follows, and click "Save":
```
